Documentation 
By ADITYA KUMAR BScIT B2 3RD YR 21

Git Steps:
Firstly We have to make GitHub account using our email 
Then we will create a repository named abc(naming this repo as an example) and then setting visibility
as public without adding readme file and keep rest 
Then we have to install Git Bash in our local machine
Then we have to open a new folder(example-abc) and we have to click the right part of the
cursorpad or mouse then an option of 
Open Git Bash will be visible 
Then after clicking it 
A cmd kind of window will appear
Then we will give our email id and Name to authenticate and link our git bash with github using following steps:
git config --global user.email "user's email id"
git config --global user.name "user's name"
Then we will copy the link of repository-url from github of our client
then we will perform actions given below:
git clone <repository-url> : Clones the repo to our local machine
Then we will give ls command to see what folders are present and then we will go into our repo folder using command
cd abc(as per our taken example)
Then we will follow the given steps:
git status : Checks and displays that what files/folders are tracked(ready to be staged)or not 
Then we wil do the modification in the repo folder that we want then again
 we will apply git status command then we will do follwing steps
git add . : This command will get all the files and folders of the folder abc into tracked area
git add <filename> : This command is used to stage a particular specified filename
git commit -m "User's message" : This command is used to stage the tracked files/folders
(Stage is the last operation we do before pushing our code into the repo)
git push : This command is used to push our whole modified repo folder into the github 
Additional commands :
git checkout -b <branch-name> : This command creates and switches to a new branch(like xyz)
git pull : creates a pull request

Steps to create EC2 Instance:
1. Go to our aws management console
2. Then we will search ec2 in search bar of mgmt console
3. We will click on the 1st option of EC2
4 Then we will click Launch Instance option
5. Then we will give name of our instance
6. Then we will choose the OS that we want from the options like Aws Linux,Windows,Ubuntu,etc.
7. Then we will select volume type 
8. Then we will select instance type
9. Then we will either create or use existing key pair(This key pair acts as a key to enter in our Instance)
Steps to create key pair:
 give key pair name and select key pair type by default its RSA select our key pair format like .pem or .ppk Then click on create key pair cption
 Then we will download the csv file from the appearing popup window
10. Rest of the settings should be kept as default

->GitHub Actions:
We will open our repository then we will go in the settings of the repo
Then we will click on actions(i.e dropdown option) from left navbar
then we will click on secrets and variable option then we will see option to create secret their we will give secret name with secret value
For Example: 
We enter secret name as EC2_HOST and in value we will give IPv4(i.e. should be our publicIP address),EC2_USER,EC2_SSH_KEY

Combining all these steps will help us to make a successful CI/CD pipeline
Then after modifying our repo folder and then pushing the modified folder using gitbash
we will go to github repository then we will click on the actions tab of top navbar and their we will be seeing that our
code is deployed successfully
